[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: Is an array
returns a computed property.
And what we're trying to do here
is evaluated as a function with no
arguments in it.
We expect that there are gonna be
arguments passed of this thing.
We expect there to be a context,
in which this property can be evaluated.
None of that's true, so
it's blowing up, understandably.
So the way I advise unit testing,
computer property macros is to just define
a new Ember object, set some properties up
on it, set your computer property on it.
And then or set up your computer property
on it and then change the dependencies and
observe what happens not observable.
But not like create an observer but
programmed for
what happens in response to those changes.
So we'll call it type ember object extend.
And we're going to give it
a property called item.
And list.
And then,
we're gonna give it isItemInList,
InArray, item and list.
So, this is looking very similar
to how we treated our GitHub
org component and that we're just
passing in two property keys.
In our case we had org as the item.
Our array was going into the favorites
service but conceptually very similar.
And my assertion is first gonna be,
so I need an instance by the way.
>> Mike North: So I'm being explicit here.
You could chain, extend, and
create together and just spit out.
You're basically defining a factory and
then creating an object
immediately thereafter,
not holding a reference to the factory,
but that would be fine in this case too.
So what I wanna test is first that we can
get the property and
that it's what we expect.
So I want to make sure that equal
is a different assertion here.
Obj, get item, isItemInList, and
that should be in this case, false.
And then it's a good practice as
the third argument for equal or
the second argument for
okay, to write a message.
Like a description of what
this assert is doing.
The reason is that it will appear
in the test runner and especially
if you're looking at like CI failures,
it helps to know which assertion failed.
And to not have to like dive in and
otherwise you'll just see like pass, pass,
pass, pass, pass for
all of the assertions in the test.
So this'll be Initial check for
not-in-list.
And it passed.
And what do I mean by these descriptions?
If we open this up,
you see I have this here.
We can compare that to this,
which is far less useful.
Okay.
What is okay?
So the next thing to do,
is I'm going to do obj.get,
list, add object six and
then I'm gonna make
a similar assert after except
I expect it to be true.
>> Mike North: And fantastic,
so it's not on the list.
We add it to the list, it flips to true.
And then we can even do
something like this.
I am not gonna go too
much further cuz it's,
don't wanna bore you guys but
if we do set['item', 52].
>> Mike North: So we are basically
checking the other dependency now.
>> Mike North: After changing the object
it's not on the list anymore.
>> Mike North: And now we're gonna
have three passing insertions.
So this I mean you could go
much further but this is good.
This gives you sort of a test case that
both of your dependencies work and for
this simple computer property
macro this is pretty good.
So now let's move to our
component integration test.
So we're done with step one.
>> Mike North: The GitHub org test and
I'm going to switch modules over here.
And here we go.
So okay, okay, that's fantastic.
I'm gonna elaborate a little.
So inline syntax.
>> Mike North: Basic rendering.
>> Mike North: Block syntax
>> Mike North: Fantastic so
that's a little bit more informative.
I'm gonna actually set up a new test
just to demonstrate how that works and
we can clean some of this stuff up.
Alright.
So we still expect two
zero assertions will run.
Understandable why this is failing.
So what I'm going to do
now is pass in an object
that looks like what we expect an org
to be and we'll see if the correct.
Text for the org name shows up in the dom.
>> Mike North: And
I'm gonna just run this test here.
>> Mike North: So worth noting that all
of this is happening synchronously.
Or it should be.
>> Mike North: This may be a problem.
>> Mike North: Get rid of this.
>> Mike North: [LAUGH] duh I
don't have my dev tools open.
Okay so notice it's kind of hard
to see I'm gonna zoom in here.
Notice that we have a div here and we have
something that looks like our component,
it's rendering sort of
in an empty area but
just be aware that you can put debugger
statements midway through your test.
In this case because it's synchronous
we can just put it here and
I'll show you the equivalent when
we're doing the acceptance test and
we're dealing with asynchrony.
But here we can freeze and
I can select this.
To be quite honest I forgot
what this actually looks like,
okay so we can look for, we use find.
>> Mike North: Let's see how that works.
>> Mike North: Now I'm gonna
make my life a little easier.
>> Mike North: I'm going to
add a class to GitHub org.
>> Mike North: So that it's easier to
build a selector for it rather than trying
to find a ridiculously deep path
of some sort, and so now if we do.
>> Mike North: There's our dom element and
we can look for the a tag and
then we can see what's the text there,
perfect.
>> Mike North: Assert equal and my org.
And to avoid more JSON problems you can
actually do ember.$ which is just so
you don't have to add more
globals to your JSON config.
Delete the debugger.
Expect this to pass.
And it does.
All right.
So, that is proving that works there and
then we should be able to do org set
id other and add a new assertion.
>> Mike North: So this is failing
because of this rundown issue.
And this has to do with setting
properties, setting properties on objects.
Remember how I showed this diagram
of the red and blue blocks?
Typically that stuff will happen
in a run loop, so I've walked into
this to show you guys how to get
around this problem it's this simple.
Ember.run arrow function.
>> Mike North: That's it.
>> Mike North: And, I'm being silly.
The set is what needs to be in there.
All right.
So, now we're actually just seeing the
fact that I'm testing for something that
the object doesn't actually handle, right.
So, we have a dependency on this object,
not on the property ID for the object.
So, if we swapped out
the object as a whole,
we would see that things
would update as we expect.
But in this case, I've changed something
that really we don't have a dependency on.
So, does that make sense why
this is working the way it is?
If we look at his inlay.
So we're passing an item which is
an object inside which is an ID.
But we're just declaring a dependency
on the outer, the object as a whole.
If we did something like this.
>> Speaker 2: But
that's not what you're testing.
>> Mike North: I'm sorry.
I'm kind of confused here.
>> Mike North: [NOISE]
Org set
ID other.
All right,
I'm actually gonna skip over this.
I just wanted to show you
guys that we're on mainly.